Azure: Add note about TFVC repos not working with semgrep ci (#1266)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-ci/sample-ci-configs.md

## Azure Pipelines

:::info

> Scanning a project with the `semgrep ci` command requires the project to be version-controlled by Git. If you have Azure Repos that are version-controlled with [Team Foundations Version Control](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/repos/tfvc/what-is-tfvc?view=azure-devops), they would have to be migrated to Git to be scanned with `semgrep ci` and report results to the Semgrep Cloud Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scanning a project with the `semgrep ci` command requires the project to be version-controlled by Git. If you have Azure Repos that are version-controlled with [Team Foundations Version Control](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/repos/tfvc/what-is-tfvc?view=azure-devops), they must be migrated to Git to be scanned with `semgrep ci` and have results reported to the Semgrep Cloud Platform.
```
